feat: HTML Table data keys synchronize order with Heading keys (#7409)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.4.0.rst

  See :ref:`controller-default-method-fallback` for details.
- **Filters:** Now you can use Filter Arguments with :ref:`$filters property <filters-filters-filter-arguments>`.
- **Request:** Added ``IncomingRequest::setValidLocales()`` method to set valid locales.

> - **Table:** Added ``Table::setSyncRowsWithHeading()`` method to synchronize row columns with heading. See :ref:`table-sync-rows-with-headings` for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Table:** Added ``Table::setSyncRowsWithHeading()`` method to synchronize row columns with headings. See :ref:`table-sync-rows-with-headings` for details.
```

> - **Table:** Addedd ``Table::setSyncRowsWithHeading()`` method to synchronize row columns with heading. See :ref:`table-sync-rows-with-headings` for details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Table:** Added ``Table::setSyncRowsWithHeading()`` method to synchronize row columns with headings. See :ref:`table-sync-rows-with-headings` for details.
```
